# Research-Paper-efficient-memory-mapping-and-data-processing
       Developing a strategic methodology to solve task scheduling and inter connectivity problems in the multiple core environments to overcome synchronization and scheduling costs in the existing distributed and parallel computing mechanisms.
    Research Statement
    Developing a strategic methodology to solve task scheduling and inter connectivity problems in the multiple core environments to overcome synchronization and scheduling costs in the existing distributed and parallel computing mechanisms.
    Abstract
    As traditional programming languages assumes single instruction code of stream and monolithic memory for processing of structured instructions even though scientists implemented wide range of cores and processor technologies. For example, I7 IBM has 9 cores; Microsoft XBOX 360 CPU has 3 cores and etc.., the problems with the parallelism can be overhead on the communication and synchronization between the outputs. In the areas of distributed environments, data processing and ability to synchronize the tasks between the machines make a lot of sense than single streamed instructions into a single machine which takes lot of execution time. The tedious task in the application programming and data processing in the distributed environments is that synchronization of the sub tasks and also the amount of scheduling costs.
 
    In this research topic I would like to explore the task parallelism in which different actors or certain programs can be implemented in an object oriented language to establish the task of streaming chunked applications into different cores with respect to the guide of a superior program for establishing parallel assignment and collaboration across the machines different levels of cores. The Implementation of filter programs for scheduling the tasks in distributed environments in which each core to attain effective parallel communication and synchronization. By adapting to the individual program counters of the assigned sub program with respect to the processors available in the multi-processing environments effects the execution of the entire program drastically as we are following the approach of divide and conquer in application level.  These task parallel filters enable the sub program to use full structure of the core independently. The granularity of the task scheduling depends completely on the implemented filter programs than usage of parallelism. 
